where you live is really going to affect your approach to the job. I know
some people who were station, um, nothing against Livermore. But
they said Livermore, and it just wasn't the place for them. They said
they hated it. And I can understand if the location doesn't have
all the resources that you're expecting. A roller skating rink. Ah,
good school. Ah, ah, Lake. If you feel like going into the ocean, um,
the temperature that you're expecting, all those things can really
affect affect you outside of work as well as inside. And so in general,
you're not able to choose where you go. Um, it all depends on,
you know, your family structure and how happy you are, toe Just live
in a new place. But yeah, it can really affect your performance. Really
affect your family. Who hasn't, you know, nothing to do with the
military s. So you want to take those things into account